feat(css): add simpler exericse (#52)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/css-basics/shapes/readme.md

> There are 4 divs to style for this exercise:
> 
> 1. div should be a square
> 2. div should have rounded edges
> 3. div should be a circle
> 4. div should be rotated 45deg
> 
> Also:
> 
> - Use the classes that are already attached to the elements
> - Every div should have a unique color.

Reviewer: A suggestion to add a bit more structure to the readme. And also, I would probably rename the file to `README.md`.
```suggestion
# CSS Basics - Different shapes

There are 4 `div` elements to style for this exercise:

1. `div` should be a square
2. `div` should have rounded edges
3. `div` should be a circle
4. `div` should be rotated 45deg

Also:

- Use the classes that are already attached to the elements
- Each div should have a unique color.
```
